chore(react-chart): update demos navigation (#2030)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-chart/demos/area/stacked-area.md

# React Chart Stacked Area

> The demo shows how to create Stacked Area Series using the [Stack](../../docs/reference/stack.md) plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows how to use the [Stack](../../docs/reference/stack.md) plugin to create a Stacked Area series.
```
